c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.exe
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.pdb
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.g.resources
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.exe
c:\users\jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.pdb
C:\Users\Jvictor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.exe
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.pdb
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.g.resources
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.exe
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.pdb
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.exe
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.pdb
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.g.resources
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\obj\x86\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.exe
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\ProjetoDeSoftware.pdb
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\pt-br\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\system.windows.controls.datavisualization.toolkit.dll
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.dll
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\system.windows.controls.datavisualization.toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\teteu\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.dll
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\system.windows.controls.datavisualization.toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Jvictor\Desktop\ProjetoDeSoftware\ProjetoDeSoftware\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.pdb
